welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going big-game hunting looking to
break down a behemoth in short order
with 1980 classic The Shining let's get
to it we open on sweeping shots of a
mountain landscape and a car traveling
on a road snaking its way through the
mountains the cars carrying Jack
Torrance to the outlook hotel where he's
scheduled for an interview to be the
offseason caretaker he comes highly
recommended old Stu who explains their
darn hotel is just too secluded to keep
it open in the winter the only Road in
gets covered in too much snow to keep it
clear his duties will include preventing
nature from reclaiming the hotel to her
bosom and coping with the crippling
solitude luckily Jack is just the kind
of psycho for the job looking for an
opportunity to get his writing career
off the ground just a brief word of
warning about the prior caretaker who
peeled his family and committed suicide
and that should cover everything yeah
but you seem like a steady guy back at
home Jack's son Danny learns from his
invisible mined friend Tony that Papa
got the job right on cue
Wendy gets the call Tony's not keen on
the hotel but he keeps his trap shut
about why we also learned about a silly
little incident where Jack dislocated
the in his shoulder while intoxicated
but it set him on the straight and
narrow and he's been sober five months
now so home life is looking all good
moving day finally comes and Jack's
disdain for his family is palpable as
the maintenance crew prepares for
lockdown Wendy and Jack are taken on
tour of the grounds they see their
apartment learned about the hedge maze
and desecrated Indian burial ground
since it is a Stephen King story after
all they're also shown the Drybar which
is only mildly haunted here they meet
old dick Halloran the head chef who take
Wendy to get familiar with where she'll
be fulfilling her womanly obligations as
he gives her a full accounting of all
the dry goods he secretly speaks to
Danny through his mind when they have a
moment alone he explains they have what
his granny referred to as The Shining a
suite of unspecified telepathic
abilities he also warns him about the
dark history of the hotel and the impact
it can have on their kind one month
later we see they're all settled into a
routine of sleeping in late and losing
themselves after a healthy breakfast
Jack faces down his biggest fear the
blank page but the creative process
can't be rushed
some Tuesday thereafter Danny gets the
heebie-jeebies when tracking past room
237 a subtle reference to the original
office number of Pixar studios at the
same time Jack finally finds his muse
and the sheets become positively swollen
with words
and engorged with punctuation but it's
not ready yet so when Wendy comes in to
tell him about an impending snowstorm he
acts like a little [ __ ] blaming her for
impeding his grand work as the storm
rages Wendy finds she's only able to
communicate with the outside world via
the ham radio she has a nice
conversation with the sheriff's office
and then a couple of long-haul truckers
ask her what she's wearing as the day's
wear on we find Jack sleeping less and
less and generally creeping everyone out
he admits to having dreams of killing
his family but he's all torn up about it
so that's good right right he seems to
be okay Danny comes in with a neck
injury of indeterminate origin and Wendy
suspects jack so he saddles up the bar
finding it willing to provide for his
needs
and takes the opportunity to pity
himself over his past transgressions
then when he runs in to tell him a crazy
woman from room 237 tried to strangle
Danny upon investigation Johnny finds
him not so scary ladies soaking in the
tub and he partakes of her supple flesh
but she pulls newpsie do on him turning
gangrenous and really grossing him out
when he gets back to his room he reports
nothing and makes the suggestion that
Danny's taken to self-harm hallorann
senses some trouble and asks the police
to try to raise the family on the ham
radio meanwhile Jack returns to the gold
room to find a swanky affair under way
he proceeds to get tanked up when Jeeves
spills on him and he's invited to the
bathroom for a wipe down the butler
identifies himself as Grady the
caretaker who killed his family but when
Jack points this out he insists that
he's always been the butler and has
always been at the hotel but he didn't
kill his family but only because they
acted against the hotel and when
children are naughty it's often the
overbearing mother to blame implying
that perhaps Jack has a job to do this
is a lot to ponder which is nearly
impossible with the constant racket of
the ham radio so Jack fixes that but
Halloran checks back in and learns
there's been no contact if he decides to
fly out to Colorado back at the hotel
tony has taken over all communication
for Danny when he goes to consult with
Jack and finds his novel it's unique and
experiments with the bounds of
convention but is somewhat redundant
Jack then arrives and they have a
conversation about Danny
it takes a menacing tone when Jack
becomes upset about her desire to take
Danny to a doctor now saying what Graney
warned him about and becoming concerned
about the implications leaving would
have for his contractual obligations
regarding the hotel sensing her
escalating distress he tries to calm her
and just tell her what's on his mind I'm
not gonna hurt oh good I'm just gonna
bash
brains Oh what so she moves backwards
and says she's just swinging a bat if
you run into it it's your own fault and
he does so she drags him to dry storage
and locks him in then she goes to check
on the snowcat and finds a disabled Jack
wakes up later groggy and ghost kratie
calls out to him questioning his
commitment to his task not wanting to
look like a wimp in front of the guys
Jack insists he's both eager and able to
slaughter his family as a result of this
reassurance Grady lets him out back in
the room Tony talks with a very
exaggerated vocal fry' like a true
intellectual and wakes up Wendy rise
johnny arrives to break down the door
they retreat to the bathroom where she
could only manage to squeeze Danny out
the window then she waits he breaks
through a mix of strange Jackie Chan
reverence and then she slices him up a
bit
the sound of a snow cat outside
announces Halloran's arrival causing
jack to retreat hallorann strides in
ready to save the day and gets his
sternum hewn then jack takes off after
danny as when he tries to catch up she
accidentally walks in and one of the
Muppet Babies giving a [ __ ] meanwhile
Danny has led Jack into the maze and
gets a good enough lead to backtrack and
tip out creating a dead end this sends
jack off in a random direction while
Danny follows the trail back to the
entrance he meets his mom and they take
the snowcat down the mountain while Jack
slows down and eventually succumbs to
the cold as the movie comes to an end
and the music plays we slow pan down a
picture that indicates that Jack's been
here the whole time which really doesn't
make any sense and that was the shining
disliked by King but considered by many
to be the greatest horror film of all
time with one of the richest and still
active cosplay communities around if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you to
become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching